Text copyright © 2006 by Stephenie Meyer







Meyer, Stephenie, 1973—New Moon a novel / b) Stepheme Meyer—1st ed p cm




[1 Vampires—Fiction 2 Werewolves—Fiction 3 High schools—Fiction 4 Schools—Fiction 5 Washington
(State)—Fiction ] 1 Title

PZ7 M57188New2006 [Fic]—dc22 2006012309




For my dad, Stephen Morgan—







tower didn't slow. With relentless, uncaring force, they turned inexorably toward the end—the end of




clock began to toll out the hour, vibrating under the soles of my sluggish feet, I knew I was too late—and




The reasons I was so certain were that, first, I was standing in a bright shaft of sunlight—the kind of
blinding clear sun that never shone on my drizzly new hometown in Forks, Washington—and second, I


Our mouths—hers a wizened picker—spread into the same surprised half-smile at just the same time.

I was about to ask her a question; I had so many—What was she doing here in my cream? What had

were?—but she opened her mouth when I did, so I stopped to let her go first. She paused, too, and then


have to look to know who it was; this was a voice I would know anywhere—know, and respond to,
whether I was awake or asleep… or even dead, I'd bet. The voice I'd walk through fire for—or, less


Even though I was always thrilled to see him—conscious or otherwise—and even though I was almost

I panicked because Gran didn't know that I was in love with a vampire—nobody knew that—so how

sun. Don't worry about it…

toward me—with the most beautiful smile on his angel's face—as if I were the only one here.



Edward—still smiling so beautifully that my heart felt like it was going to swell up and burst through my
chest—put his arm around my shoulder and turned to face my grandmother.

waiting for a scolding. And she was standing in such a strange position—one arm held awkwardly away
couldn't see, someone invisible…

should have met, there was nothing but cold glass…



That was me. Me in a mirror. Me—ancient, creased, and withered.




I woke with a start—my eyelids popping open wide—and gasped. Dull gray light, the familiar light of an




All through the perfect summer—the happiest summer I had ever had, the happiest summer anyone
anywhere had ever had, and the rainiest summer in the history of the Olympic Peninsula—this bleak date

And now that it had hit, it was even worse than I'd feared it would be. I could feel it—I was older. Every



It was just a dream, I reminded myself again. Just a dream… but also my worst nightmare.


I struggled to get a grip on myself as I drove to school. The vision of Gran—I would not think of it as
me—was hard to get out of my head. I couldn't feel anything but despair until I pulled into the familiar



someone in the know—someone like me—these similarities marked them for what they were.

The sight of Alice waiting there—her tawny eyes brilliant with excitement, and a small silver-wrapped
square in her hands—made me frown. I'd told Alice I didn't want anything, anything, not gifts or even

I slammed the door of my '53 Chevy truck—a shower of rust specks fluttered down to the wet
blacktop—and walked slowly toward where they waited. Alice skipped forward to meet me, her pixie





She finally seemed to process my mood. "Okay… later, then. Did you like the scrapbook your mom sent

















And I supposed… if I could be sure of the future I wanted, sure that I would get to spend forever with
Edward, and Alice and the rest of the Cullens (preferably not as a wrinkled little old lady)… then a year
future that changed me. Any future that made me like him—that made me immortal, too.


didn't look like such a terrible thing—not the way the Cullens did it, anyway.








"I—I still can't come over," I stammered, scrambling for an excuse. "I, well, I haven't watched Romeo


"But Mr. Berty said we needed to see it performed to fully appreciate it—that's how Shakespeare




way or the other—"




grinned—the wide smile exposed all her perfect, glistening teeth—then pecked me on the cheek and

"Edward, please—" I started to beg, but he pressed one cool finger to my lips.


every class together now—it was amazing the favors Edward could get the female administrators to do
over the summer—his face had lost some of the roundness, making his cheekbones more prominent, and
casual disarray. It was easy to see where his inspiration came from—but Edward's look wasn't



And I'd very pointedly asked—well, ordered really—that no one give me any presents this year. It

teacher's salary. Charlie wasn't getting rich at his job, either—he was the police chief here in the tiny town
stubborn about leaving me human…)

Edward had a lot of money—I didn't even want to think about how much. Money meant next to nothing
didn't seem to understand why I objected to him spending money on me—why it made me




A strange kind of truce existed at that table. The three of us—Edward, Alice, and I—sat on the extreme

very comfortable I was with being close to him. He thought he was hazardous to my health—an opinion I




"If it's not my birthday, then I don't have to go to your house tonight…"





I frowned. I didn't like it when he picked on my truck. The truck was great—it had personality.


Like I was especially breakable. Which was exactly the case—compared with him, at least.














being hard and cold—and perfect—as an ice sculpture, but it was definitely preferable. He pulled the old



"Well, first of all, he's in love with this Rosaline—don't you think it makes him seem a little fickle? And





my ear—his irresistible, velvet voice made the actor's voice sound weak and coarse by comparison. And



He made a disgusted sound. "I don't envy him the girl—just the ease of the suicide," he clarified in a
extracts…"


simple. I'm not even sure how many ways Carlisle tried to kill himself in the beginning… after he realized
what he'd become…" His voice, which had grown serious, turned light again. "And he's clearly still in


"Last spring, when you were… nearly killed…" He paused to take a deep breath, snuggling to return to

I could see it all so clearly—the blinding sun, the heat waves coming off the concrete as I ran with
mirrored room with my mother as his hostage—or so I'd thought. I hadn't known it was all a ruse. Just as

I shook my head—as if I could shake away the bad memories—and tried to grasp what Edward meant.

wasn't sure how to do it—I knew Emmett and Jasper would never help… so I was thinking maybe I



in his early years, in Italy, before he settled in America—do you remember the story?"


beside the river, or the room where Carlisle—Edward's father in so many real ways—kept a wall of
Though the painting was centuries old, Carlisle—the blond angel—remained unchanged. And I

nighttime patrons of the arts…

to die—or whatever it is we do." His voice was so calm, it made him sound almost bored by the










"I guess I see your point… a little," he admitted. "But what would I do without you?"












affairs—this was my first birthday with him, the first birthday since my mom, Renee, had remarried and

"That's fine—the Mariners are playing the Sox tonight," Charlie explained, and my hope disappeared.
"So I won't be any kind of company… Here." He scooped up the camera he'd gotten me on Renee's

He ought to know better than that—I'd always been coordinationally challenged. The camera glanced off

some pictures. You know how your mother gets—she'll be wanting to see the pictures faster than you










"You know what you would love? A nice little Audi coupe. Very quiet, lots of power…"








"I probably should warn you…"


"When I say they're all excited… I do mean all of them."



"But… Rosalie?"



brother, I did miss. He was in many ways just like the big brother I'd always wanted… only much, much







Edward growled—a deep, menacing sound. "This isn't going to be your last birthday, Bella," he vowed.



cedars that surrounded the house. Big bowls of flowers—pink roses—lined the wide stairs up to the












Edward's parents, Carlisle and Esme—impossibly youthful and lovely as ever—were the closest to the


beautiful Rosalie was—it almost hurt to look at her. And had Emmett always been so… big?



He laughed, "I have to step out for a second"—he paused to wink conspicuously at Alice—"Don't do


But he'd gone back to exactly how he'd acted before—avoiding me as much as possible—the moment
the rest of them; the scent of human blood was much harder for him to resist than the others—he hadn't



I put on my best martyr face. "Alice, I know I told you I didn't want anything—"




"Um… thanks."


Edward's complaints about my radio this afternoon—all a setup, apparently. "Thanks, Emmett!" I called


















Dazed and disoriented, I looked up from the bright red blood pulsing out of my arm—into the fevered







Rosalie, her divine face strangely smug, stepped in front of Jasper—keeping a careful distance from his
teeth—and helped Emmett wrestle him through the glass door that Esme held open, one hand pressed



































"How can you do this?" I demanded. "Even Alice and Esme…" I trailed off, shaking my head in wonder.





"What is it that you enjoy?" I wondered. It didn't make sense to me—the years of struggle and self-denial

my… enhanced abilities let me save someone who would otherwise have been lost. It's pleasant knowing








"Yes. But I'm trying to understand what you were thinking…"

had. Wondering what I would be thinking when—I refused to think if—it was me.


"Sorry," he apologized. "That ought to do it… So I didn't agree with my father's particular brand of faith.






exist… and so does hell. But he doesn't believe there is an afterlife for our kind." Carlisle's voice was

I immediately thought of Edward's words this afternoon: unless you want to die—or whatever it is


Carlisle spoke slowly. "I look at my… son. His strength, his goodness, the brightness that shines out of
him—and it only fuels that hope, that faith, more than ever. How could there not be more for one such as


"But if I believed as he does…" He looked down at me with unfathomable eyes. "If you believed as he










lonely existence… and shuddered.



almost the very end. Edward looks a great deal like her—she had that same strange bronze shade to her


"Yes…" Carlisle's ocher eyes were a hundred years away now. "Elizabeth worried obsessively over her
to pretend—there was so much work to be done, and I had no need of rest. How I hated to go back to

"I went to check Elizabeth and her son first. I'd grown attached—always a dangerous thing to do






could really know me, rather than what I pretended to be. But I could never justify it to myself—doing


spoke—the despair of the hospital, the overwhelming atmosphere of death. Edward burning with fever,
his life slipping away with each tick of the clock… I shuddered again, and forced the picture from my



enough eyes, to keep track of half of what the patients needed. The morgue was empty—of the living, at



was smooth, unreadable, but there was something wrong with his eyes—something he was trying very








Esme had come back; she was mopping the floor where I'd fallen—with straight bleach from the smell of



























That brought a flicker of life to his face—a flicker of anger. "Forgive you? For what?"


"Bella, you gave yourself a paper cut—that hardly deserves the death penalty."



you a bandage? If you'd tripped and knocked over a pile of glass plates on your own—without someone
throwing you into them—even then, what's the worst? You'd get blood on the seats when they drove
you to the emergency room? Mike Newton could have held your hand while they stitched you up—and













"You can't have it both ways—either you want people to ignore your birthday or you don't. One or the
















"Alice went overboard. Flowers, cake, candles, presents—the whole bit."










































wasn't as if we were up to anything he wouldn't want me to be up to. Edward and his rules…


I took the pills he handed me without arguing—I knew I would lose the argument And my arm really was


to me—on top of the blanket so I wouldn't get chilled—and put his arm over me.












"Yes, I am—but please, don't do anything you don't want to do," I added, piqued.


The kiss began much the same as usual—Edward was as careful as ever, and my heart began to










silly premonition—what could be worse than today?' Just the shock catching up with me, no doubt.


when—or if—we would see each other again. This kiss had the same almost painful edge for some



in his eyes that I couldn't be sure of—and it scared me. I didn't want to bring up last night, but I wasn't







Edward didn't say anything about her absence. I wondered to myself if her class was running late—until I









Denali was where the one other band of unique vampires—good ones like the Cullens—lived. Tanya and







"You'll come over later tonight?" I asked as he walked me—silently—to my truck. He always came over.











help, I would stay away from the big white house on the river—I'd never set foot there again. That didn't

No doubt I would also run into Carlisle with regularity—in the emergency room.

After all, what had happened last night was nothing. Nothing had happened. So I fell down—that was
and nearly dead from loss of blood—and yet Edward had handled the interminable weeks in the hospital























was off limits, that would lessen the time I could have with her. I nodded to myself—I could live with


alone here, abandoned. They would both be so hurt…



I'd chosen was going to be hard. And, after all, I was thinking about the worst-case scenario—the very




rather than a crib, but she would recognize the quilt draped untidily over the top—it had been a gift ROM

Regardless, I snapped a picture of my room. There wasn't much else I could do tonight—it was too dark
outside—and the feeling was growing stronger, it was almost a compulsion now. I would record


























I got awkwardly to my feet—I was stiff from sitting so still—and followed Edward out the front door. He









by Charlie's house. Funny how it didn't seem sinister like it used to. I realized I would miss this—the
















could look so… so… beyond description. No thousand words could equal this picture.






call… He never had.



















We'd gone only a few steps into the trees when he stopped. We were barely on the trail—I could still







"Why now? Another year—"





"When you say we—," I whispered.




"You can't, Bella. Where we're going… It's not the right place for you."





"What happened with Jasper—that was nothing, Edward! Nothing!"


"You promised! In Phoenix, you promised that you would stay—"


"No! This is about my soul, isn't it?" I shouted, furious, the words exploding out of me—somehow it still
my soul. I don't want it without you—it's yours already!"

tiniest bit. When he finally looked up, his eyes were different, harder—like the liquid gold had frozen



"You… don't… want me?" I tried out the words, confused by the way they sounded, placed in that


topaz—hard and clear and very deep. I felt like I could see into them for miles and miles, yet nowhere in


He looked away into the trees as he spoke again. "Of course, I'll always love you… in a way. But what
happened the other night made me realize that it's time for a change. Because I'm… tired of pretending





"If… that's what you want."









yourself—for him."





He smiled gently. "Don't worry. You're human—your memory is no more than a sieve. Time heals all


"Well"—he hesitated for a short second—"I won't forget. But my kind… we're very easily distracted."



"Alice isn't coming back," I realized. I don't know how he heard me—the words made no sound—but he














Love, life, meaning… over.


Finally, I tripped over something—it was black now, I had no idea what caught my foot—and I stayed


Not tonight. Tonight the sky was utterly black. Perhaps there was no moon tonight—a lunar eclipse, a







I wondered if I should feel afraid. I didn't—just numb. It didn't matter. The snuffling went away.


brush, and I could see that it was a propane lantern, but that was all I could see—the brightness blinded



I stared up—impossibly high it seemed—at the dark face that I could now see above me. I was vaguely









me—being carried away by a stranger. But there was nothing left in me to upset.







That was one voice I would know anywhere—even distorted, as it was now, with worry.






















men with dark faces—from La Push, the Quileute Indian reservation down on the coastline, I
guessed—Sam Uley among them, were standing very close together and staring at me. Mr. Newton was





















"Hey, Billy, it's Charlie—sorry I'm calling so early… no, she's fine. She's sleeping… Thanks, but that's
can see fires out on the sea cliffs, but I didn't really… Oh!" Suddenly there was an edge in his
voice—irritation… or anger. "And why are they doing that? Uh huh. Really?" He said it sarcastically.
"Well, don't apologize to me. Yeah, yeah. Just make sure the flames don't spread… I know, I know, I'm

right—they do know the forest better than we do. It was Sam who found her, so I owe you one… Yeah,











together. "Because the Cullens left," I whispered. "They don't like the Cullens in La Push—I'd forgotten

from the Cullens…













I shook my head, recoiling. The sound of his name unleashed the thing that was clawing inside of me—a



Sunny L.A. The last place they would really go. I remembered my nightmare with the mirror… the bright
sunlight shimmering off of his skin—



pain. "It was my fault. He left me right here on the trail, in sight of the house… but I tried to follow him."



















hadn't been following the conversation—actually, I hadn't been aware that we were having a
conversation—and I wasn't sure what he meant.




school or work. My grades were perfect. I never broke curfew—I never went anywhere from which to




"Trouble would be better than this… this moping around all the time!"



"Wrong word," he grudgingly conceded. "Moping would be better—that would be doing something.
You're just… lifeless, Bella. I think that's the word I want."







"Listen, honey. I think that—that maybe you need some help."










relatively honest. Sure, I could tell the truth—if I wanted to spend the rest of my life in a padded cell.


"It's beyond me, Bella. Maybe your mother—"




"I want you to be happy—no, not even that much. I just want you not to be miserable. I think you'll have





"I'm in my last semester of school—it would screw everything up."

"You're a good student—you'll figure it out."








"Bella—," Charlie began, his voice thick.















her now—especially to ask her to do me a favor. I weighed my options carefully as I loitered outside the

lie, though the thought of driving to Port Angeles and back alone—being sure my odometer reflected the
correct mileage, just in case he checked—was very tempting. Jessica's mom was the biggest gossip in


Mr. Varner gave me a dark look—he'd already started the lecture. I hurried to my seat. Jessica didn't

preparation this morning in the truck—but mostly it stemmed from the fact that time always sped up when






"No." I shook my head. "Actually, I wanted to know if you would… go to the movies with me tonight? I





"No… I guess I can go with you. What do you want to see?"

"I'm not sure what's playing," I hedged. This was the tricky part. I racked my brain for a clue—hadn't I





















"Why did you suddenly decide… to go out?" It sounded like she changed her question halfway through.










"Okay…" She stared out the windshield with wide eyes.











happy to go along with whatever she wanted; after all, I was getting what I wanted—Charlie off my



















Not that I hadn't dreamed of becoming a mythical monster once—just never a grotesque, animated





"That's funny." She frowned. "I didn't think you were scared—I was screaming all the time, but I didn't












brilliant green, was the name of the bar—One-Eyed Pete's. I wondered if there was some pirate theme


frightened—just wary, trying to not attract attention to herself.

I paused without thinking, looking back at the four men with a strong sense of déjà vu. This was a



I shook my head, not sure myself. "I think I know them…" I muttered.


"sugar."…

It sprung from the fact that they were strangers, and it was dark here, and they outnumbered us—nothing


senseless impulse, but I hadn't felt any kind of impulse in so long… I followed it.

drumming my pulse faster and fighting against the lack of sensation. It was strange—why the adrenaline




"I'm not going in," I said absently, shaking her hand off. "I just want to see something…"












me now. It was a furious voice, a familiar voice, a beautiful voice—soft like velvet even though it was

It was his voice—I was exceptionally careful not to think his name—and I was surprised that the sound

of some dark pool. I was more aware of everything—sight, sound, the feel of the cold air that I hadn't


"Go back to Jessica," the lovely voice ordered, still angry. "You promised—nothing stupid."


for the first time since… since the end. The anger in his voice was concern, the same anger that was once
very familiar—something I hadn't heard in what felt like a lifetime.


memory—the deja vu, the strange familiarity of the situation.




Option two: My subconscious mind was giving me what it thought I wanted. This was wish fulfillment—a




My reaction was hardly sane, though—I was grateful. The sound of his voice was something that I'd


I waited for the pain now. I was not numb—my senses felt unusually intense after so many months of the
haze—but the normal pain held off. The only ache was the disappointment that his voice was fading.


The wise thing would be to run away from this potentially destructive—and certainly mentally
unstable—development. It would be stupid to encourage hallucinations.




I sighed in relief. The anger was what I wanted to hear—false, fabricated evidence that he cared, a







Now that I was closer—and my eyes felt oddly in focus—I analyzed the short, dark man's face. It was




He was baffled—wondering why I had approached them. I felt compelled to explain.








"What were you thinking?" Jessica snapped. "You don't know them—they could have been









But relief was still the strongest emotion in my body—relief that came from the very core of my being.

As much as I struggled not to think of him, I did not struggle to forget. I worried—late in the night, when
the exhaustion of sleep deprivation broke down my defenses—that it was all slipping away. That my

Because there was just one thing that I had to believe to be able to live—I had to know that he existed.


real? In a place where I could never imagine him, the conviction might fade… and that I could not live



"Thanks for going out with me, Jess," I said as I opened my door. "That was…fun." I hoped that fun was


"I'm sorry about… after the movie."



















And yet, I found I could survive. I was alert, I felt the pain—the aching loss that radiated out from my
chest, sending wracking waves of hurt through my limbs and head—but it was manageable. I could live

Whatever it was that had happened tonight—and whether it was the zombies, the adrenaline, or the
hallucinations that were responsible—it had woken me up.









"If you want me to go…" I shrugged.

a house and pitch-black. I'm going to report it to the ranger here. People ought to be warned—this
wasn't up on the mountain, mind you—this was only a few miles from the trailhead."

Leather-face laughed and rolled his eyes. "Let me guess—you were on your way in? Hadn't eaten real




"Say, have there been any warnings around here recently—about black bears?"

new bear-safe canisters? They only weigh two pounds…"



that—he was used to it now.

frantic as the time stretched on, trying to move faster, though the speed made me clumsy… Then there
would come the point in my dream—and I could feel it coming now, but could never seem to wake
myself up before it hit—when I couldn't remember what it was that I was searching for. When I realized
just this empty, dreary wood, and there never would be anything more for me… nothing but nothing…


I wasn't paying attention to where I was driving—just wandering through empty, wet side roads as I
avoided the ways that would take me home—because I didn't have anywhere to go.





I wondered how long this could last. Maybe someday, years from now—if the pain would just decrease
to the point where I could bear it—I would be able to look back on those few short months that would


looked different—my face sallow, white except for the purple circles the nightmares had left under my
eyes. My eyes were dark enough against my pallid skin that—if I were beautiful, and seen from a
distance—I might even pass for a vampire now. But I was not beautiful, and I probably looked closer to




I laughed humorlessly to myself, still gasping for air. Reckless in Forks—now there was a hopeless


be reckless in Forks would take a lot of creativity—maybe more than I had. But I wished I could find
some way… I might feel better if I weren't holding fast, all alone, to a broken pact. If I were an

I stared out the windshield for a long moment, my thoughts moving sluggishly—I couldn't seem to make


Avenue. I was standing in front of the Cheneys' house—my truck was blocking their driveway—and

As I took a deep breath in preparation to move, a sign in the Markses' yard caught my eye—it was just a






So many promises I kept…









I sighed impatiently—this was something I'd already inferred from the sign. "How much?"













able. I'd been very lucky on that front—I'd been worried, when Charlie first gifted me my ancient truck,
in great shape when it had belonged to his father, Billy…

Inspiration hit like a bolt of lightning—not unreasonable, considering the storm. "You know what? That's










"No. I just wanted directions to the Blacks' place—I'm not sure I can remember the way. I want to visit








remembered it, though it had hardened, too—the planes of his cheekbones sharper, his jaw squared off,














"Yes, absolutely. I just wanted to see Jacob—I haven't seen him in forever."





soon—so much you'll get sick of me." After all, if Jacob could fix the bike, someone had to teach me




Jacob hesitated. "I was just heading out to work on my car, but we can do something else…"






"It's an old Rabbit—1986, a classic."








"Well…" I pursed my lips as I considered. I wasn't sure if he could keep his mouth shut, but I didn't have






"Well… how about a trade, then?" I was making this up as I went, but it seemed reasonable enough. "I
only need one bike—and I'll need lessons, too. So how about this? I'll give you the other bike, and then


"Wait a sec—are you legal yet? When's your birthday?"








I needed to reign in the enthusiasm before I gave him the wrong idea—it was just that it had been a long

"Maybe when the bikes are finished—our present to ourselves," I added.






one by one into the shrubbery where I hid. It looked too easy for him—I'd remembered the bikes being

here will actually be worth something when I'm done—it's an old Harley Sprint."






"I don't know…" he muttered.

wasn't like I'd saved up enough to go anywhere special—and besides, I had no desire to leave Forks





Jacob started pulling the first bike—the red one, which was destined for me—to pieces immediately. He



say anything, though. They fight dirty if you start on their names—they'll tag team you."













"Quil, Embry—this is my friend, Bella."






"Hey, Bella. I'm Embry, Embry Call—you probably already figured that out, though." Embry smiled a shy






"Naw." And it wasn't a lie. I was enjoying myself—how strange. "I just have to go cook dinner for

"Oh… well, I'll finish taking these apart tonight and figure out what more we'll need to get started
















"If either of you set so much as one toe on my land tomorrow…" I heard Jacob threaten. His voice was












curled into a ball in preparation for the onslaught. I squeezed my eyes shut and… the next thing I next I


tell which emotion was stronger—the relief or the shock.


to knock me back down. Just glancing around my room with these suddenly clear eyes—noticing how
strange it looked, too tidy, like I didn't live here at all—was dangerous.

see Jacob again today. The thought made me feel almost… hopeful. Maybe it would be the same as
intervals, the way I had to with everyone else. Maybe… but I wouldn't trust this to last, either. Wouldn't
trust it to be the same—so easy—as yesterday. I wasn't going to set myself up for disappointment like





"Do you mind?" I pretended to worry. "I could stay…"







"Charlie called—said you were on your way," Jacob explained with a grin.















He poked around in the cavity. "Who took it out? There's a lot of damage…"














We bantered like that till Hoquiam, still arguing over the correct formula to determine age—I lost two
bookkeeping at my house—until we were in Checker, and Jacob had to concentrate again. We found

By the time we got back to La Push, I was twenty-three and he was thirty—he was definitely weighting




















The house was crowded. Harry Clearwater was there, too, with his family—his wife, Sue, whom I knew
year older. She was beautiful in an exotic way—perfect copper skin, glistening black hair, eyelashes like
feather dusters—and preoccupied. She was on Billy's phone when we got in, and she never let it go.




truth—that I'd gone with Jacob to look at parts and then watched him work in his garage.








own—describing the spaghetti party at Billy's and how I felt watching Jacob build useful things out of
small pieces of metal—awed and slightly envious. I made no reference to the change this letter would be


deprivation nor the time spent with Jacob—being almost happy in a shallow kind of way—could keep



Last night I had not been alone in the woods. Sam Uley—the man who had pulled me from the forest
floor that night I couldn't bear to think of consciously—was there. It was an odd, unexpected alteration.



I remembered the first day I'd come to Forks High School—how desperately I'd wished that I could turn










who lived around the corner from me, was sitting with Eric, and Austin Marks—older brother to the boy
with the motorcycles—was next to her. I wondered how long they'd been sitting here, unable to






I barely recognized Lauren. She'd cut off all her blond, corn-silk hair—now she had a pixie cut so short




"We were going to have a picnic Saturday, actually, but… we changed our minds," Angela said. There



north, almost to the hot springs—there's a good spot just about a mile up the trail. But, when we were
halfway there… we saw something."


"I don't know," Angela said. "We think it was a bear. It was black, anyway, but it seemed… too big."








him at work, didn't I? Did I? I thought so…

trailhead—bigger than a grizzly," he confirmed.









"Dead End—the one with the zombies." I grinned in encouragement. Maybe some of the damage I'd










This is why I'd picked Jessica over Angela—though I'd always liked Angela more—for the girls' night














the zombie stupor? Had I turned masochistic—developed a taste for torture? I should have gone straight



There was something to search for. Unattainable and impossible, uncaring and distracted… but he was

The feeling that I was starting over—perhaps the way my first day would have gone if I'd really been the




had to find some way to repeat the experience… or maybe the better word was episode.

I was hoping that déjà vu was the key. So I was going to his home, a place I hadn't been since my



like the lawn had been flooded—waist-high—with green, feathery waves.




forward…

presence… of his presence. The house was solidly here, but it meant little. Its concrete reality would not


paintings on the walls—worse still, the piano on its low platform? It would be second only to the house



















"I would say… that's too bad, but I'll bet we could figure out something else to do. If we got really








schoolwork—you have to be getting behind, because I know I am."


so easygoing about this." I made a gesture indicating the two of us as a single entity. He liked that—he











arms—to kindly overlook my few months of aberrant behavior. Jess was more resistant. I wondered if


















"Homework. I have a… study session planned with a friend."


Forks. I'd come full circle, and now everything felt like an echo—an empty echo, devoid of the interest it


making—while Jacob watched and occasionally sampled—wafted down the hall; I was being good,


done—feeling very sensible and mature about it, too—and watching Monster Garage on the Discovery



He laughed at my unwilling expression—it seemed to please him.




I cleaned the house the next morning—waiting for Jacob to call and trying to shake off the Litest





"I believe that… we have a date" he said, his tone thick with implications.












the bikes out. When I got out, a splash of color caught my eye—two shiny motorcycles, one red, one






"Let's go," he said, his voice higher than usual with excitement. "I know the perfect spot—no one will

We drove south out of town. The dirt road wove in and out of the forest—sometimes there was nothing







"That guy—he just jumped off the cliff! Why didn't they stop him? We've got to call an ambulance!" I

















looked absolutely free—unthinking and utterly irresponsible.





"So who were those guys—the crazy ones?" I wondered.



and his disciples ran him off our land. They're all about our land, and tribe pride… it's getting




"Well… It doesn't sound like they're doing anything bad." I tried to soothe him, to make him cheerful

"Yeah. Annoying is a good word. They're always showing off—like the cliff thing. They act like… like, I
mouth, and it pissed Paul off. His eyes got all dark, and he sort of smiled—no, he showed his teeth but
he didn't smile—and it was like he was so mad he was shaking or something. But Sam put his hand
was like Sam was holding him back—like Paul was going to tear us up if Sam didn't stop him." He

"Tough guys," I agreed. I could see it in my head as he described it, and it reminded me of something… a
me… Had that been Sam's gang?



His face was set in unfamiliar lines of outrage—outrage and something else I didn't recognize at first.

"It all sounds really annoying and… strange. But I don't get why you're taking it so personally." I peeked












"Jake…"I hesitated as he came back around the truck.



He sighed. "It's just… the way they treat me. It creeps me out." The words started to rush out now. "You

"But I'm just like everyone else. Nobody treats me special… until now."


something… like I'm going to join his stupid gang someday. He pays more attention to me than any of the






"No, that's not it. It's not just me—it's Quil, too, and everyone. Embry missed a week of school, but he
was never home when we tried to see him. And when he came back, he looked… he looked freaked

I stared at Jacob, biting my lip anxiously—he was really frightened. But he didn't look at me. He watched



know what it means. I can't figure it out, and I feel like I have to, because Embry's my friend and…
Sam's looking at me funny . . and…" He trailed off.




voice. "It's nothing you need to worry about now, Jacob. In a few years, if you don't… well, I'll explain






It was strange for me, being this close—emotionally rather than physically, though the physical was
strange for me, too—to another human being. It wasn't my usual style. I didn't normally relate to people










wasn't flattering. "I've never seen anyone paler than you… well, except for—" He broke off, and I











"But you said—"



"Forget the back brake, okay? Here—" He wrapped his hand around mine and made me squeeze the




















"Plant your feet—I'm going to try again." But he put his hand on the back of the seat, too, just to be safe.


























More than fine. The voice in my head was back. It still rang in my ears—soft, velvety echoes.

My mind ran swiftly through the possibilities. There was no familiarity here—on a road I'd never seen,
doing something I'd never done before—no deja vu So the hallucinations must be triggered by something
else… I felt the adrenaline coursing through my veins again, and I thought I had the answer. Some



cheating. Maybe I'd found a way to generate the hallucinations—that was much more important.









I smiled tightly—it was still working—and ignored the questions. Jacob wasn't going to let anything














I was dizzy and confused. It sounded like there were three things snarling—the bike over me, the voice in
my head, and something else…



"Wow," I murmured. I was thrilled. This had to be it, the recipe for a hallucination—adrenaline plus

























Jacob wasn't happy—his full mouth turned down in an uncharacteristic frown—but he didn't want to get

The motorcycle was better than I'd dreamed. It had served its original purpose. I'd cheated—broken my


freedom… it reminded me of a past life, flying through the thick forest without a road, piggyback while he
ran—I stopped thinking right there, letting the memory break off in the sudden agony. I flinched.


















Jacob really did look older than sixteen—not quite forty, but maybe older than me. Quil didn't have too














and consequently my motorcycle. And I wasn't giving it up—I'd had the most amazing hallucination








it, but for the time being…"








I thought about that for a minute—about what I wanted.

I hated the idea of losing even my brief seconds of closeness with the memories that didn't hurt—the ones

Maybe there was some other way, some other recipe… some other place.



This idea had a huge potential for backfiring—it might be dangerously painful. My chest ached with
of all places, I could hear his voice. And I'd already told Charlie I was hiking…


"Well…" I began slowly. "I found this place in the forest once—I came across it when I was, um, hiking.
would definitely take a few tries…"




So, Saturday afternoon, I tied on my new hiking boots—purchased that morning using my
twenty-per-cent-off employee discount for the first time—grabbed my new topographical map of the

We didn't get started immediately; first, Jacob sprawled across the living room floor—taking up the
whole room—and, for a full twenty minutes, drew a complicated web across the key section of the map



















"Okay—first line on the grid. Let's do it."





sea cliffs—I'd been waiting for him to bring it up again, but it didn't look like that was going to happen.

"Hey… Jake?" I asked hesitantly.


"How are things… with Embry? Is he back to normal yet?"











in—when Billy calls the police to report my kidnapping."



"As long as you're sure we're starting from the right place…" He glanced down at me.















Jacob—though not necessarily in that order—created a neat and effortless pattern to follow. And Charlie

I was like a lost moon—my planet destroyed in some cataclysmic, disaster-movie scenario of
desolation—that continued, nevertheless, to circle in a tight little orbit around the empty space left behind,


I didn't keep track of the days :hat passed—there was no reason, as I tried to live as much in the present







"The usual—slave for life, that kind of thing."

"Oh, well, if that's all…" I took the candy. But I was trying to think of some way to make the boundaries


place…" I frowned into space.






having his company for the ordeal—I had promised Mike, but really didn't feel any enthusiasm at the
thought of following through—was just too tempting.







I worded my reply carefully. "I was thinking about getting a group"—I emphasized the word—"together
to go see Crosshairs." I'd done my homework this time—even reading the movie spoilers to be sure I










"Yep, the very ones," I answered cheerfully. "Though you could look at it as tutoring—they're only



and Katie already had plans—it was their three-week anniversary or something. Lauren got to Tyler and
Conner before Mike could, so those two were also busy. Even Quil was out—grounded for fighting at












"I'm giving up—I can't top this one. So you win. You're oldest."








big—Mike's head barely cleared Jacob's shoulder; I didn't even want to think where I measured next to
him—and then his face was older-looking than it used to be, even a month ago.





"I'd better get that—it might be Charlie," I told them, and dashed inside.


Jacob and me, together for the evening—this had worked out brilliantly, I thought with grim sarcasm.





"I'm still up for it. But if you'd rather to stay behind, Mike—"


"Hey, do you mind if Jacob drives?" I asked. "I told him he could—he just finished his car. He built it




















I almost wished that Mike had decided to bow out. He was still sullen—not much of an addition to the







Mike watching, it would have a different significance—and I was sure he knew that. I couldn't believe











There was no sign of Mike in the hallway, and I was glad then that Jacob had come with me—he ducked




deserted—quiet enough for us to hear the popcorn popping at the concession counter in the lobby.












"Better than any of the other guys you know?" He was calm, serene—as if my answer didn't matter, or





good-looking—sort of. I'm prepared to be annoyingly persistent."



I cringed. Funny how he seemed to know not to say the name—just like before in the car with the music.




accept me the way I was—damaged goods, as is.




















I waited for the memory to hit—to open the gaping hole. But, as it so often did, Jacob's presence kept




















"Whoa, Jake—you're burning up!"










house—condemned—for months I'd been utterly uninhabitable. Now I was a little improved. The front
room was in better repair. But that was all—just the one small piece. He deserved better than
that—better than a one-room, falling-down fixer-upper. No amount of investment on his part could put



might be right about the fever. I'm starting to feel a little… strange."


"No." He shook his head, his eyebrows pulling together. "I don't feel sick yet. Just… wrong. If I have to,





"There's something I want to tell you, Bella… but I think it's going to sound kind of corny."


know that I'm always here. I won't ever let you down—I promise that you can always count on me.








Even more, I had never meant to love him. One thing I truly knew—knew it in the pit of my stomach, in
empty chest—was how love gave someone the power to break you.














"Billy, it's me, Bella—did Jake make it home yet? He left here about twenty minutes ago."



"He was… too sick to call. He's not feeling well right now." Billy sounded distant. I realized he must want

and Jake fending for himself…







I would go down before work tomorrow to check on him. I could take soup—we had to have a can of

I realized all such plans were canceled when I woke up early—my clock said four thirty—and sprinted to








It woke me up when he came back home. I could see that it was dark in my room—after nightfall. He









I didn't remember moving; Charlie must have carried me to my room—he'd also put the glass of water on


























"Jacob—"





"I'll see you soon," I finally said. "Wait for me to call," he said again. "Okay… Bye, Jacob."





frightened me—was Jacob so sick that he'd needed to go to the hospital? I stopped by the hospital on







I didn't push it. Charlie was too worried about Harry. That was clearly the more important issue—it

with Jake. I read through the symptoms quickly—the fever he definitely had, but what about the rest of

I glared at the computer screen and wondered why, exactly, I was doing this. Why did I feel so… so

Jacob—that made me nervous.









could no longer see the end coming. Just the horrible nothingness—half the time in the forest, half the time

forest, watching me again. I paid him no attention—there was no comfort in his presence; it made me feel



I was relieved beyond measure the morning I woke up—screaming, of course—and remembered that it




he up for visitors yet? I was thinking about dropping by—"




"Oh. So… where is he?"

"He's giving some friends a ride up to Port Angeles—I think they were going to catch a double feature or


him more every hour. I was lonely, worried, bored… perforated—and now also desolate as I realized













"No, I'm just packing something to take out to the river…"


"Well, Harry called… and it's not raining." He was creating a stack of food on the counter as he spoke.










Charlie nodded, frowning. "We've got a missing hiker—the rangers found his camp early this morning,
but no sign of him. There were some really big animal prints… of course those could have come later,
smelling the food… Anyway, they're setting traps for it now."





I could drive to La Push and get my motorcycle—an appealing thought but for one minor problem: who

Or… I already had our map and compass in the truck. I was pretty sure I understood the process well


was cloudy, but almost dry—a very nice day, for Forks.



difficult—not because of exertion, but because I was having trouble with the stupid hole in my chest


stepped through a low arch made by two vine maples—pushing past the chest-high ferns—into the




It was the same place… but it didn't hold what I had been searching for.


pain—the pain that had me now, had me cold. There was nothing special about this place without him. I

Jacob… well, there was no way I could have disguised the abyss I was plunging into now. How could I

of the ball so that I could escape. There was too much pain in this empty place to bear—I would crawl







followed—the hunt where I was the quarry—but that was only because he was afraid; I was protected
by a bigger coven than his own. It would have been different if that wasn't the case—he'd had no
blood for ethical reasons. The other family like… but I couldn't let myself think the name.

connection I'd sought. The proof, however remote, that—somewhere in the same world where I lived—

some kind of change in the last year. But there was something… I couldn't quite put my finger on it.





someone I didn't have to pretend for—someone who already knew everything I could never say.

"You're right," he agreed. "I did go to Alaska. Still, I didn't expect… When I found the Cullen place






At that precise moment, I realized why he looked the same—too much the same. After Carlisle told us
of him at all, with the same golden eyes that the… Cullens—I forced the name out, wincing—had. That






know how they get distracted…" I was beginning to babble. I had to work to shut myself up.

"Hmm," he said again. "The house smelled like it had been vacant for a while…"



pretended to deliberate for a second. "But I probably shouldn't mention it to… Edward, I suppose—" I
barely managed to say his name, and it twisted my expression on the way out, ruining my bluff "—he has
such a temper… well, I'm sure you remember. He's still touchy about the whole James thing." I rolled my

"Is he really?" Laurent asked pleasantly… skeptically.




The question made him pause. "I like Tanya very much," he mused. "And her sister Irina even more…
restrictions are difficult… I'm surprised that any of them can keep it up for long." He smiled at me








popped into my head, and I regretted it as soon as the words were spoken. Victoria—who had hunted
me with James, and then disappeared—was not someone I wanted to think of at this particular moment.




He looked back at me and smiled—the expression made him look like a black-haired angel.



"She wanted to save that part for herself," he went on blithely. "She's sort of… put out with you, Bella."




Laurent was oblivious to my reaction. "She thought it more appropriate to kill you than Edward—fair
you would be so easy to get to. So maybe her plan was flawed—apparently it wouldn't be the revenge





to this place on Victoria's mission—I was hunting. I'm quite thirsty, and you do smell… simply




wash away with the next rain. No one will find your body—you'll simply go missing, like so many, many






that later, naturally, just to placate her. But if you knew what she had planned for you, Bella…" He shook








toward the vampire. It was enormous—as tall as a horse, but thicker, much more muscular. The long









I gave an involuntary gasp and jumped back—which was the stupidest thing I could have done. I froze

Laurent would get on with it and crush the wolf pack—it should be so simple for him. I guessed that,



As it stared at me, I suddenly thought of Jacob—again, with gratitude. At least I'd come here alone, to
















hearing—when the sounds weren't hidden behind the frantic squelching of my footsteps—the quiet



I was calmer, but still a mess when I got home. Charlie's cruiser was in the driveway—I hadn't realized













"I saw the bear." I tried to say it calmly, but my voice was high and shaky. "It's not a bear, though—it's
some kind of wolf. And there are five of them. A big black one, and gray, and reddish-brown…"









"The rangers said the tracks were wrong for a bear—but wolves just don't get that big…"






wolves—claiming I'd been on the trail that led to the north. I didn't want my dad to know how deep I'd









some of his friends. I waved hi, but he… well, I guess I don't know if he saw me. I think maybe he was
arguing with his friends. He looked strange, like he was upset about something. And… different. It's like




about the situation with Sam. Maybe that was the reason he'd ditched me today—if it meant he could

stymie the wolves, not having opposable thumbs. And if Laurent came here…

Or… Victoria.





wolves could win such a fight…


I squeezed my eyes tight together and waited for unconsciousness—almost eager for my nightmare to


Laurent's words repeated in my head. If you knew what she had planned for you …




I could tell he was worried—watching me jump at any loud sound, or my face suddenly go white for no


had passed, and Jacob still hadn't called me. But when I was able to concentrate on my normal life—if
my life was really ever normal—this upset me.






Thursday I sat in my truck in front of my house—with the locks pushed down—keys in hand, for a solid


that—welcomed it, even—if it could have kept him safe. But Victoria would still come to his house first,



anything about leaving. Charlie warned me not to make a nuisance of myself—Jacob would call when he



mind—revenue-obsessed vampires, giant mutant wolves, a ragged hole in the center of my chest—but










knew what was going on. This was a rescue mission. I was going to talk to Jacob—kidnap him if I had









"I think… I think something weird is going on down at the reservation. Jacob told me about some strange


"First he was scared, and then he was avoiding me, and now… I'm afraid he's part of that bizarre gang



wonders with the youth on the reservation. He's the one who—" Charlie broke off mid-sentence, and I







"Charlie…" My voice was starting to sound whiney.


I was momentarily distracted—stunned, really—by his news. There was no way the wolves could have
survived a match-up with Laurent…


"Afraid so, honey. There was—" He hesitated. "There were tracks again, and… some blood this time."

why? What I'd seen in the meadow just got stranger and stranger—more impossible to understand.


























"Hi, Quil… Are you okay?"









"I tried to follow them—he was with Embry." His voice was low, hard to hear over the engine. I leaned
alone—I think Sam and his crew might have been with them.


"So Sam did get to him." The words were a little distorted—my teeth were gritted together.


I nodded. "Jake told me… before."




"And before that—did he avoid everyone? Was he acting upset?"



"I can't see Jacob or Embry getting into anything like that… but what do I know? What else could it be?
"Jacob didn't want to be a part of this… cult. I don't understand what could change him." He stared at









A movement flashed in my peripheral vision—I turned and spotted Billy looking at me through the front







hair—his beautiful hair was all gone, cropped quite short, covering his head with an inky gloss like black
satin. The planes of his face seemed to have hardened subtly, tightened… aged. His neck and his




short just like Jacob's. They could have been brothers—I couldn't even pick Embry out of the group.



wishes—even when I only wished it for a malicious reason like this, to gain an advantage over an
enemy—because it was the most painful. That future was lost to me forever, had never really been within




that, least of all me. It hurt with a surprising intensity—a physical pain, a stabbing in my head.



Sam nodded once, his face unperturbed. He made a brief comment in an unfamiliar, liquid language—I








in… that Billy had allowed this… that Sam was able to stand there so assured and calm…






"It's not what you think." His voice was abruptly weary. "It's not what I thought—I was way off."





"But you don't need friends anymore," I said sourly. "You have Sam. Isn't that nice—you've always

















"Don't you dare tell me I'm wrong—I'm not the one who got brainwashed! Tell me now whose fault this








"The Cullens," he said slowly, drawing out the word, scrutinizing my face as he spoke it. "I saw that—I






"Superstitions aside," I said quickly. "I still don't see what you're accusing the... Cullens"—wince—"of.

"Sam isn't doing anything, Bella. And I know they're gone. But sometimes… things are set in motion, and





lock it up again. It didn't hurt now—not during the precious seconds when I could hear his voice.



























The silly, inconsequential hurt was incredibly potent. The tears welled up again. "Are you… breaking up


"Jacob… why? Sam won't let you have other friends? Please, Jake. You promised. I need you!" The
blank emptiness of my life before—before Jacob brought some semblance of reason back into
it—reared up and confronted me. Loneliness choked in my throat.





"I'm sorry that I couldn't… before… I wish I could change how I feel about you, Jacob." I was
desperate, reaching, stretching the truth so far that it curved nearly into the shape of a lie. "Maybe…
maybe I would change," I whispered. "Maybe, if you gave me some time… just don't quit on me now,




"I mean it, Bella. I'm not…" he struggled, his voice going even huskier as he fought to control his emotion.



"You're my friend, that's what you are! Jake—don't!"












I'd thought Jake had been healing the hole in me—or at least plugging it up, keeping it from hurting me so


"Billy called. He said you got in fight with Jake—said you were pretty upset," he explained as he opened
















she and Jacob were just friends… Well, if that was it, then why didn't you say so at first? No, Billy, I
think she's right about this… Because I know my daughter, and if she says Jacob was scared before—"



"You got that right—those boys set one toe out of line and I'm going to know about it. We'll be keeping





cheat. The hole—holes now—were already aching, so why not? I pulled out the memory—nor a real
afternoon—and played it over and over in my head until I fell asleep with the tears still streaming calmly


simply continued now. I stared at my dark ceiling. I could feel that it was the middle of the night—I was











Charlie from coming to investigate…





yard. His weight had bowed the tree toward the house and he now swung—his legs dangling twenty feet
above the ground—not a yard away from me. The thin branches at the tip of the tree scraped against the

"I'm trying to keep"—he huffed, shifting his weight as the treetop bounced him—"my promise!"








Another scream built in my throat as I waited for him to fall to his death—or at least maim himself against



grin that I knew and loved—it was a new grin, one that was a bitter mockery of his old sincerity, on the


left of my chest. He'd left a new nightmare behind him, like an infection in a sore—the insult after the






I tried to shove him back out the window—after all, if this was a dream, it wouldn't really hurt him. It was



Suddenly, it was just more than I could handle—it felt as if all of my sleepless nights were crashing down




Well… I—I'm so sorry, Bella." The apology was sincere, no doubt about it, though there was still an




"I know. I want to explain—" He broke off suddenly, his mouth open, almost like something had cut off


He was quiet for a moment. I twisted my head to the side—too tired to hold it up—to see his expression.






"Something you felt like you had to keep from Charlie, from your mom… ?" he pressed. "Something you


"Can you understand that I might have the same kind of… situation?" He was struggling again, seeming to

So, I couldn't argue with that. He was exactly right—I had a secret that wasn't mine to tell, yet a secret I








"I think I see a way to make this work out—because you know this, Bella! I can't tell you, but if you



"My secret! You can do it—you know the answer!"






"Remember the first day we met—on the beach in La Push?"



I took a deep breath and tried to concentrate. "You asked about my truck…"


"We talked about the Rabbit…"


"We went for a walk down the beach…" My cheeks were growing warm under his palms as I


My voice was nearly soundless. "You told me scary stories… Quileute legends."


day—that Edward was a vampire.



He inhaled deeply, struggling. "Do you remember all the stor—" He couldn't finish the question. His





"Jake? Jake, please, I'm exhausted. I'm no good at this right now. Maybe in the morning…"







You can't imagine how tight I'm bound…"

I didn't like that—didn't like the way his eyes closed as if he were in pain when he spoke of being bound.
More than dislike—I realized I hated it, hated anything that caused him pain. Hated it fiercely.








"For one thing, you look like you're going to pass out at any second. You need your sleep—I need you


He frowned. "I had to sneak out—I'm not supposed to see you. They've got to be wondering where I




the others' faults. I told you before—it's me. Sam is actually… well, incredibly cool. Jared and Paul are
great, too, though Paul is kind of… And Embry's always been my friend. Nothing's changed there—the
only thing that hasn't changed. I feel really bad abour the things I used to think about Sam…"





Did he know that, too? Nobody knew that besides me. But he was right—it was the middle of the night,

"If I thought it was too… too risky," he whispered, "I wouldn't have come. But Bella," he looked at me

I wouldn't ever hurt you… So I really blew it this afternoon, didn't I?"






Something occurred to him just then, something that made his hands shake. "If you… if you want to."




"At least call me—if you don't want to see me again. Let me know if it's like that."

"That won't happen—"





I took his hand, and suddenly he yanked me—too roughly—right off the bed so that I thudded against his


"Can't—breathe!" I gasped.





It was not the peaceful, creamless sleep I'd yearned for—of course not. I was in the forest again, and I

it seemed like the sun must be shining—the leaves above were bright jade green.

This was the forest around La Push—near the beach there, I was sure of it. I knew that if I found the






be pointed and sharp…











I remembered it all now—every word that Jacob had said to me that day on the beach, even the part

"Do you know any of our old stories, about where we came from—the Quileutes, I mean?" he


"Well, there are lots of legends, some of them claiming to date back to the Flood—supposedly,
"Another legend claims that we descended from wolves—and that the wolves are our brothers





"He was a tribal elder, like my father. You see, the cold ones are the natural enemies of the wolf—









the existence of vampires long ago—and without all the hysterics that time?


and beyond the ordinary. It wasn't such a surprise to find out what he was—because he so obviously

human I'd ever been able to relate to…







meadow…

Suddenly, I was in a frantic hurry. I glanced at the clock—it was way too early and I didn't care. I had to




"I thought the thing with Sam—"






"I don't know," he admitted. "It's just… well, there's been another attack—the wolves again. It was real
close to the resort by the hot springs—there's a witness this time. The victim was only a dozen yards


"There's no sign of him—just a little blood again." Charlie's face was pained. "The rangers are going out
armed, taking armed volunteers. There're a lot of hunters who are eager to be involved—there's a
and it worries me." He shook his head. "When people get too excited, accidents happen…"



forgotten about the missing hikers, the bloody paw prints… I hadn't connected those facts to my first

"Look, honey, don't let this scare you. Just stay in town or on the highway—no stops—okay?"







"I've got to do my job, kid. Don't be such a pessimist—I'll be fine." He turned for the door, and held it







And what about Jacob? Jacob was my best friend; I needed to warn him. If he really was a—I cringed
and forced myself to think the word—werewolf (and I knew it was true, I could feel it), then people

They had to stop! Charlie was out there in the woods. Would they care about that? I wondered… Up



Or… did I?

and his friends were… were murderers! If they were out slaughtering innocent hikers in cold blood? If


movies—big hairy half-men creatures or something—if I'd expected anything at all. So I didn't know

But it couldn't be worse than what the Cullens endured in their quest to be good. I thought of Esme—the
tears started when I pictured her kind, lovely face—and how, as motherly and loving as she was, she'd







last night—that I might not want to see him again—and I could have called him as he'd suggested, but
continue… That would make me a monster, too.







"Hey, Billy. I need to talk to Jake—where is he?"

"Um… I don't really know," he lied, straight-faced.







tiny hallway off the front room. "He's out late a lot these days. Kid needs his rest—probably you



Jacob—still wearing just the same black cut-off sweats he'd worn last night—was stretched diagonally











I drove down to First Beach and parked in the empty dirt lot. It was still dark—the gloomy predawn of a
cloudy day—and when I cut the headlights it was hard to see. I had to let my eyes adjust before I could


where Jacob and I had had our first conversation—a conversation that had begun so many different,
tangled threads of my life—but it seemed to be in about the same place I sat down where I'd sat before,

Seeing Jacob like that—innocent and vulnerable in sleep—had stolen all my revulsion, dissolved all my




coming sunrise—it looked enormous.



"Billy told me you came by—didn't take you very long, did it? I knew you could figure it out."









"Jacob, I have to warn you—"


offering rewards and—"

only making it more difficult—they'll start disappearing soon enough, too."



My voice was pale with revulsion. "How can you… feel that way? You know these people. Charlie's out



"Could you… well, try to not be a… werewolf?" I suggested in a whisper.





"You're such a hypocrite, Bella—there you sit, terrified of me! How is that fair?" His hands shook with















"No, Jake, no. It's not that you're a… wolf. That's fine," I promised him, and I knew as I said the words
that I meant them. I really didn't care if he turned into a big wolf—he was still Jacob. "If you could just
find a way not to hurt people… that's all that upsets me. These ate innocent people, Jake, people like
Charlie, and I can't just look the other way while you—"








"No," I gasped. "Can't—breathe—Jake!"





I threw my arms around him. It reminded me of that first day with the motorcycles—he was bigger,







The memory was clear—I'd just been thinking of that very day. "Protectors?"





"Bella, honey, we only protect people from one thing—our one enemy. It's the reason we exist—because





I tried to sort out the chaos in my head so that I could answer. "You know—you saw him in the
meadow. You were there…" The words came out in a wondering tone as it all sunk in. "You were there,
and you kept him from killing me…"


how dangerous—"




I could only mouth the words. "You… killed… Laurent?"



His expression changed. "You're not upset about that, are you? He was going to kill you—he was going

"I know that. No, I'm not upset—I'm…" I had to sit down. I stumbled back a step until I felt the


"No, Jake. I'm so… so relieved. I thought he was going to find me—I've been waiting for him every
night, just hoping that he'd stop with me and leave Charlie alone. I've been so frightened, Jacob… But
how? He was a vampire! How did you kill him? He was so strong, so hard, like marble…"




"Wait, Jake—I thought you knew, though. Last night, you said it wasn't safe for you to be in my room. I





If I get too mad… too upset… you might get hurt."

I thought about that carefully. "When you were mad before… when I was yelling at you… and you were
shaking… ?"

myself. I swore I wasn't going to get mad, no matter what you said to me. But… I just got so upser that I
was going to lose you… that you couldn't deal with what I am…"

"What would happen… if you got too mad?" I whispered.



special eye on Charlie and the others—we won't let anything happen to him. Trust me on that."

Something very, very obvious, something I should have grasped at once—but I'd been so distracted by
the idea of Jacob and his friends fighting with Laurent, that I'd completely missed it at the time—occurred





"If Laurent died… a week ago… then someone else is killing people now."

thought his mate would want to fight us—in our stories, they usually get pretty pissed off if you kill their

mate—but she just keeps running away, and then coming back again. If we could figure out what she
edges, like she's testing our defenses, looking for a way in—but in where? Where does she want to go?
Sam thinks she's trying to separate us, so she'll have a better chance…"



searching…


Jacob's hands caught my shoulders—kept me from sliding forward onto the rocks. I could feel his hot





"She wasn't Laurent's mate," I moaned into his shoulder. "They were just old friends…"


"I'm not sick—I'm scared," I explained in a whisper. The word scared didn't really seem to cover it.






the hole—he kept me in one piece. "She did get… pissed off. But Laurent said she thought it was fairer
to kill me than Edward. Mate for mate. She didn't know—still doesn't know, I guess—that… that…" I




Something like a growl—not a real growl, just a human approximation—rumbled in Jacob's chest under
my ear. "If that idiot bloodsucker is honestly stupid enough—"














Victoria was already hunting me. It was just luck that she hadn't found me yet—just luck and five teenage
head, her face wild, her hair like flames, deadly, indestructible…

But, according to Jacob, Laurent was gone. Was that really possible? Edward—I clutched automatically
at my chest—had told me how difficult it was to kill a vampire. Only another vampire could do the job.
Yet Jake said this was what werewolves were made for…

He said they were keeping a special eye on Charlie—that I should trust the werewolves to keep my
put himself between Victoria and Charlie… between Victoria and me.


A sharp rap on the truck's window made me yelp in terror—but it was just Jacob, back already. I



"Don't be. We'll take care of you—and Charlie, too. I promise."









Jacob grinned back easily. "Guess you'd have to be. Okay. See, when we're wolves, we can… hear


"Not hear sounds," he went on, "but we can hear… thoughts—each other's anyway—no matter how far
embarrassing—having no secrets like that. Freaky, eh?"





"It's not… well, you're not the first person I've known who could do that. So it doesn't seem so weird to

"Really?… Wait—are you talking about your bloodsuckers?"



"Just… just Edward." I pulled one arm surreptitiously around my torso.

Jacob looked surprised—unpleasantly so. "I thought those were just stories. I've heard legends about
vampires who could do… extra stuff, but I thought that was just a myth."





Jacob nodded, seeming embarrassed. "I kept it real short—I tried not to think about you so they




He chuckled darkly. "Close enough. Sam told me I couldn't tell you. He's… the head of the pack, you
know. He's the Alpha. When he tells us to do something, or not to do something—when he really means




"Yeah, there's a load of stuff like that—wolf things. I'm still learning. I can't imagine what it was like for


"Yeah." Jacob's voice lowered. "When I… changed, it was the most… horrible, the most terrifying
thing I've ever been through—worse than anything I could have imagined. But I wasn't alone—there
from losing my mind, I think. But Sam…" He shook his head. "Sam had no help."




"Maybe I shouldn't—"

ignorant human. You're like a… I don't know, spy or something. You've been behind enemy lines."







"He? Oh, you mean Edward—oops, sorry. I forgot. You don't like to say his name. Or hear it."











"Did you ever think… that maybe… you're better off?"


"'Cause he wasn't the best—"















as a boy. His face was older—not in the sense of lines or signs of aging, but in the matunry, the patience


One of the others, one I didn't recognize—Jared or Paul—thrust past Sam and spoke before Jacob

you thinking? Is she more important than everything—than the whole tribe? Than the people getting







"Jeez, Paul," one of the other boys—probably Jared—muttered. "Get a grip."






Dark silver fur blew out from the boy, coalescing into a shape more than five-times his size—a massive,





With another sharp tearing sound, Jacob exploded, too. He burst out of his skin—shreds of black and
wolf—so enormous that I couldn't make sense of its mass somehow fitting inside Jacob—charging the


The black and white scraps—the remains of Jacob's clothes—fluttered to the ground where he'd


Jacob-wolf seemed to have the upper hand—he was visibly bigger than the other wolf, and it looked like




I turned to stare at him—my wide eyes felt frozen, like I couldn't even blink them.


snickered. His face was vaguely familiar—thinner than the others… Embry Call.




"Totally shredded," Jared said. "Billy said this was the last pair he could afford—guess Jacob's going

































Jacob…"




"The… what?"





"Emily's house. She's Sam's girlfriend… no, fiancee, now, I guess. They'll meet us back there after Sam

"Does Emily know about… ?"







land—unless they break the treaty first. We didn't know if the black-haired one was a relative of theirs or

















wonderful—like fresh blueberries.





































Paul looked unsurprised. Jacob must have explained this to him and Sam already. Or… they'd just heard



Jacob's face got serious. "She is trying to avenge her mate—only it wasn't the black-haired leech we





















Sam acted as if he hadn't heard him speak. "If there was somewhere else you felt safe…"

bringing Renee into this—pulling her into the circle of the target I wore… "I don't want to lead Victoria




The boys burst into loud hoots of amusement. Everyone laughed at me—except Emily. She met my eyes,

surround the table—which looked tiny and in danger of being crushed by them—and devoured the
like me—avoiding the bedlam at the table—and watched them with affectionate eyes. Her expression




I knew that as soon as Charlie and I were headed home, Jacob would take off—off to run around as a
last night—chased her halfway to Canada, according to Jacob—she'd yet to make another foray.

















"I don't know—who can understand teenage boys? They're a mystery. But I met Sam Uley and his



"Mauled by a bear, up north, during salmon spawning season—horrible accident It was more than a year







I rolled over and tried to think of something else—and I thought of Jacob and his brothers, out running in








I worked Tuesday afternoon—Jacob followed me on his bike to make sure I arrived safely—and Mike













anymore. I could stand like this"—he gestured to his bare torso—"in a snowstorm and it wouldn't bother

"And you all heal fast—that's a wolf thing, too?"




"No, I guess not." I thought about that for a minute. "… And being so big—that's part of it? Is that why

turned hopeless. "It won't be long now. There's no exact age… it just builds and builds and then
suddenly—" He broke off, and it was a moment before he could speak again. "Sometimes, if you get
really upset or something, that can trigger it early. But I wasn't upset about anything—I was happy." He
on building up inside me—I was like a time bomb. You know what set me off? I got back from that
movie and Billy said I looked weird. That was all, but I just snapped. And then I—I exploded. I almost
ripped his face off—my own father!" He shuddered, and his face paled.





"The hardest part is feeling… out of control," he said slowly. "Feeling like I can't be sure of myself—like
somebody. You've seen Emily. Sam lost control of his temper for just one second… and she was
standing too close. And now there's nothing he can ever do to put it right again. I hear his thoughts—I
know what that feels like…


"And then, the way it comes so easily to me, the way I'm better at it than the rest of them—does that














"How fast can you… ?"

"Run?" he finished my question. "Fast enough. What can I measure it by? We caught… what was his

It did mean something to me. I couldn't imagine that—the wolves running faster than a vampire. When the





"James was trying to kill me—it was like a game for him. He lost. Do you remember last spring when I






"But if he bit you… ? Shouldn't you be… ?" He choked.

"Edward saved me twice," I whispered. "He sucked the venom out—you know, like with a rattlesnake."







Cullens have… extra talents? Like the mind reading?"


imagine how the russet wolf would fit inside the Rabbit—Jacob would tear the whole garage apart if he

"Jasper could… sort of control the emotions of the people around him. Not in a bad way, just to calm
she saw would change when someone changed the path they were on…"

Like how she'd seen me dying… and she'd seen me becoming one of them. Two things that had not
happened. And one that never would. My head started to spin—I couldn't seem to pull in enough oxygen



"It hurts to think about them," I whispered. "It's like I can't breathe… like I'm breaking into pieces…"It









I felt like I ought to be making conversation with Billy—the pressure of normal societal rules. But Billy

hard to be with her—after all, we were both wolf girls now.



about the Cullens way too much. No matter how I tried to distract myself—and I had plenty to think of: I
it—none of these very real, very deserving of thought, very pressing concerns could take my mind off the







"Fun is exactly what you need. Hmm…" he gazed out across the heaving gray waves, deliberating. As his






"Yeah, it'll be pretty cold—not as cold as it is today. Can you feel the weather changing? The pressure?





"Okay—now let's go get you some sleep." I didn't like the way the circles under his eyes were beginning


Jacob, a date with Edward… I laughed darkly to myself. Jake could say what he wanted about us being
a messed-up pair—I was the one who was truly messed up. I made the werewolf seem downright

arrival. When he didn't, I guessed that he might still be sleeping. I would wait—let him get as much rest as







hopeful—she's hedged herself in beside the mountains. He thinks they have a good chance to finish this."






them… to you."

killed just the one vampire—that could have been luck."





didn't see any animals—no birds, no squirrels. I couldn't hear any birds, either. The silence was eerie;


As soon as I reached the beach, I wished I hadn't come—I'd already had enough of this place. I'd been

Jacob. The thought was unendurable. I'd lost too much already—would fate take the last few shreds of
legends, to turn my back on the human world. Maybe…




stood. The air had a faint electric charge—I could feel the static in my hair.

air, though the clouds roiled more quickly now. It was eerie looking—like the clouds were moving by

told me about Sam and his "gang." I thought of the boys—the werewolves—throwing themselves into the
of the fall… I imagined the way Edward's voice would have sounded in my head—furious, velvet,
perfect… The burning in my chest flared agonizingly.



the distraction I needed so badly—needed even worse because Jacob was out risking his life? Risking it,
in essence, for me. If it weren't for me, Victoria would not be killing people here… just somewhere else,

brink with no options. I didn't have time to find another way down—the storm was moving in quickly

It was not hard to convince myself that I didn't have time to search for another way—I wanted to jump

pain was already easing, as if my body knew that Edward's voice was just seconds away…






memory of his voice—the velvet texture and the musical intonation that made up the most perfect of all





"Please." It was just a whisper in the blowing rain that tossed my hair and drenched my clothes—making



too ingrained from years of swimming at the public pool—feet first, first time. I leaned forward, crouching
to get more spring…




terror—just pure adrenaline. Really, the fall wasn't scary at all. Where was the challenge?





all-powerful when it competed with the air, but it had nothing on the waves—I couldn't feel a downward











I thought briefly of the clichés, about how you were suppose to see your life flash before your eyes. I was











voice—because it wasn't Edward's.






the water from my lungs. The iron bar that had dragged me from the sea was also… warm… My head
whirled, the black spots covered everything…

Was I dying again, then? I didn't like it—this wasn't as good as the last time. It was only dark now,
even whoosh that sounded like it was coming from the inside of my ears…


The contents of my head swished and rolled sickeningly, like they'd joined the rough water…



I realized that I was still. There was no tug of the current on me—the heaving was inside my head. The

"I don't know," Jacob reported, still frantic. His voice was very close. Hands—so warm they had to be
his—brushed wet hair from my cheeks. "A few minutes? It didn't take long to tow her to the beach."

The quiet whooshing inside my ears was not the waves—it was the air moving in and out of my lungs
again. Each breath burned—the passageways were as raw as if I'd scrubbed them out with steel wool.


she's turning…" I recognized Sam's voice this time.








"Let's get you out of here, then," Jacob said. He slid his arms under me and lifted me without effort—like




escaped. As I stared wearily, a spark of color caught my unfocused eyes—a small flash of fire was
I really was. My head swirled with the memory of the black, churning water—of being so lost that I
couldn't find up or down. So lost… but somehow Jacob…


road. "I followed the tire tracks to your truck, and then I heard you scream…" He shuddered. "Why



"Sure," I agreed. "No problem." I sounded like a chain-smoker. I tried to clear my throat—and then
winced; the throat-clearing felt like stabbing a knife down there. "What happened today? Did you… find

"No. She took off into the water—the bloodsuckers have the advantage there. That's why I raced
home—I was afraid she was going to double back swimming. You spend so much time on the beach…"

"Sam came back with you… is everyone else home, too?" I hoped they weren't still out searching for her.



The words that hadn't made sense before suddenly did. "You said… hospital. Before, to Sam. Is






Abruptly, I felt really sick with guilt—felt truly horrible about the brainless cliff dive. Nobody needed to



"You can stay here," Jacob said as he dumped me on the short couch. "I mean it—right here I'll get you

room seemed so empty without Billy, almost desolate. It was strangely ominous—probably just because




He leaned his head on the cushion next to mine and yawned. "Guess I could rest for a minute…"


sake. For Sue's and Leah's and Seth's…

vaguely if it was wrong to sleep… or was I getting drowning mixed up with concussions… ? Jacob

through old memories—blinding bright visions of the Phoenix sun, my mother's face, a ramshackle tree
house, a faded quilt, a wall of mirrors, a flame on the black water… I forgot each of them as soon as the

The last picture was the only one that stuck in my head. It was meaningless—just a set on a stage. A

Meaningless… but when I slowly struggled back to consciousness, Juliet was on my mind.


I was going to have to get up—at least to get a drink. But my body just wanted tc he here limp, to never





probably not, I decided. But then, the story didn't say much about Paris. He was just a stick figure—a



And… what if she loved Paris? Not like Romeo. Nothing like that, of course. But enough that she

Jacob's slow, deep breathing was the only sound in the room—like a lullaby hummed to a child, like the

whisper of a rocking chair, like the ticking of an old clock when you had nowhere you needed to go…It



think about anymore. I thought about reality instead—about jumping off the cliff and what a brainless
because—if I admitted to the truth of it—it would mean that I would have to change my ways. Could I



something pleasant to think about… the feel of the air as I fell, the blackness of the water, the thrashing of
the current… Edward's face… I lingered there for a long time. Jacob's warm hands, trying to beat life
back into me… the stinging rain flung down by the purple clouds… the strange fire on the waves…

fire—







The pain made his face suddenly childlike—it looked odd on top of the man's body.





"Your dad is still at the hospital with Sue. There are a lot of… arrangements to be made."










"I'll go get your truck and then take you home—you probably ought to be there when Charlie gets back."









I couldn't imagine my life without Jacob now—I cringed away from the idea of even trying to imagine
that. Somehow, he'd become essential to my survival. But to leave things the way they were… was that


him. It didn't feel brotherly when he held me like this. It just felt nice—warm and comforting and familiar.


crazy—explain about the voices I heard. He'd need to know everything before he made a decision.


I would have to commit to this—commit as much of me as there was left, every one of the broken




could sing—and that's something no one wants to hear." He laughed his throaty laugh in my ear.




If I turned my face to the side—if I pressed my lips against his bare shoulder... I knew without any doubt





















It was a black car—a car I knew. I might be the furthest thing from an autophile, but I could tell you











It was just Carlisle, I told myself. Don't expect anything more. Maybe Esme… Stop right there, I told


I glanced at him, ripping my unwilling eyes off the Mercedes—terrified that it would disappear the second






"Jake, it's okay—"

"No. Take yourself back, Bella." His voice was a slap—I flinched as the sound of it struck me. His jaw


"It's not like that—"













I took a step inside and fumbled for the light switch. It was so black—like the black water… Where was

fire, but what then… ? My fingers traced the wall, still searching, still shaking—

Suddenly, something Jacob had told me this afternoon echoed in my head, finally sinking in… She took
—I was afraid she was going to double back swimming.


Victoria's hair, blowing wild in the wind, the color of fire…

been just the two of us… ? I couldn't breathe or move.









anything else—not floral or spice, citrus or musk. No perfume in the world could compare. My memory

I didn't notice when the gasping turned into something else—I only realized I was sobbing when Alice

"I'm… sorry," I blubbered. "I'm just… so happy… to see you!"












I swear, Bella. It's just that I'm alreacy attuned to you… when I saw you jumping, I didn't think, I just got
him? And my brother? Do you have any idea what Edward—"




"No, but…" I grimaced. "It was for recreational purposes only."


"I'd seen some of Jacob's friends cliff diving," I insisted. "It looked like… fun, and I was bored…"









her—her imperfect vision? But I wasn't sure. Then she deliberately leaned in and sniffed my shoulder.





"Jacob Black. He's… sort of my best friend, I guess. At least, he was…" I thought of Jacob's angry,








"Jacob is… strong."




"See, well, he's… sort of a werewolf," I admitted in a rush. "The Quileutes turn into wolves when there










She glowered at me. "A young werewolf? Even worse! Edward was right—you're a magnet for danger.



I didn't want to argue with Alice—I was still trembling with joy that she was really, truly here, that I could
touch her marble skin and hear her wind-chime voice—but she had it all wrong.

"No, Alice, the vampires didn't really leave—not all of them, anyway. That's the whole trouble. If it
friends, Laurent would have gotten me before she could, I guess, so—"



She shook her head again. "Tell me everything—start at the beginning."

almost to slits at that part. It was strange to see her look so… so dangerous—like a vampire. I



I laughed once—it was a slightly hysterical sound. "That was never the point, though, was it? It's not like

Alice scowled at the floor for a moment. "Well… I guess I acted impulsively today. I probably shouldn't






















"I'm fine. I told you that it wasn't—"








Her face was suddenly careful. "I don't know for sure… I need to see Carlisle."




"I do. You can stay here—Charlie would love that."










"I promise—one hour."







I hurried through my dinner, not tasting it—just feeling the ache as it slid down my raw throat. Mostly I









"Does—does he…" I took a deep breath. It was harder to say his name out loud, even though I was




flew here… Where did you come from?"



She shook her head. "He didn't approve of my interfering. We promised…" she trailed off, and then her









"She seems dazed, like she hasn't grasped it yet. Sam's staying with her…" The volume of his voice faded
in and out. "Those poor kids. Leah's just a year older than you, and Seth is only fourteen…" He shook







"Is Carlisle…?"











"Yeah," I agreed, and shrugged. "Near-death experiences do that to me… So, what does Carlisle think


"You won't tell him, though… when he checks in again?" I asked. She knew I didn't mean Carlisle now.









"I've never felt so helpless," Charlie began slowly. "I didn't know what to do. That first week—I thought I


"I had Renee come to take her to Florida. I just didn't want to be the one… if she had to go to a hospital
couldn't make her leave—and then she finally started crying. I thought that would be the turning point. I
didn't argue when she insisted on staying here… and she did seem to get better at first…"



someone asked her a direct question. But she was… empty. Her eyes were blank. There were lots of
little things—she wouldn't listen to music anymore; I found a bunch of CDs broken in the trash. She didn't
finally figured it out—she was avoiding everything that might remind her of… him.

"We could hardly talk; I was so worried about saying something that would upset her—the littlest things
would make her flinch—and she never volunteered anything. She would just answer if I asked her


"It was night of the living dead around here. I still hear her screaming in her sleep…"





too—takes after his mom's side. He's good for Bella, you know," Charlie insisted.


overstating things. I don't know… even with Jacob, now and then I see something in her eyes, and I
wonder if I've ever grasped how much pain she's really in It's not normal, Alice, and it… it frightens me.
Not normal at all. Not like someone… left her, but like someone died." His voice cracked.

It was like someone had died—like I had died. Because it had been more than just losing the truest of
family—the whole life that I'd chosen…

Charlie went on in a hopeless tone. "I don't know if she's going to get over it—I'm not sure if it's in her


"And Alice…" Charlie hesitated. "Now, you know how fond I am of you, and I can tell that she's happy
to see you, but… I'm a little worried about what your visit will do to her."



















Charlie had to leave then—he was helping Sue Clearwater with the funeral arrangements. It would have

Instead, we talked about her family—all but one.


daughter—my niece—is still alive in Biloxi."

"Did you find out why they put you in… that place?" What would drive parents to that extreme? Even if
their daughter saw visions of the future…

from her tongue. "My birth was announced… and my death. I found my grave. I also filched my







"I don't know—do you see anything interesting happening?"


Charlie—maybe it would make him feel just a little better to come home to a clean, organized house. I
started with the bathroom—it showed the most signs of neglect.







his… friends."


She grimaced. "So it would seem." She was obviously annoyed by this fact—very annoyed.

The doorbell rang again—buzzing twice quickly and impatiently.


She laughed her silvery little laugh—it had a dark edge. "Trust me—it wouldn't be a good idea to have

She kissed my cheek swiftly before she vanished through Charlie's door—and out his back window, no





smooth—masklike. He didn't fool me; I could see the faint trembling of his hands.












eyes. His jaw set, and he marched—there was no other way to describe the way he moved—up the

I locked gazes with first Jared and then Embry—I didn't like the hard way they eyed me; did they really
think I would let anything hurt Jacob?—before I shut the door on them.






Something about the room seemed to make him edgier—his long arms were quivering. He didn't answer













"Do you think you could… please… explain to her about the other one—Victoria?"








always calm manner. Jacob was becoming more like Sam… I wondered why that bothered me so much.











"Bella… ?" Jacob asked in a troubled voice.





















He smiled a little. "Yes, you do—you smell like them. Blech. Too sweet—sickly sweet. And… icy. It



when he walked out my door. It was a nasty catch-22—on the one hand, I wanted Alice to stay forever.
I was going to die—metaphorically—when she left me. But how was I supposed to go without seeing



He sighed. "Yes, it really does. Bella. You… love her. So I'd better not get anywhere near her. I'm not
sure that I'm even-tempered enough to handle that. Sam would be mad if I broke the treaty, and"—his
voice turned sarcastic—"you probably wouldn't like it too much if I killed your friend."





there was nothing but wistful sadness—I didn't want to have to say goodbye now, no matter for how

jaw. I could feel his fingers tremble—not with anger this time. He pressed his palm against my cheek, so






Maybe it would be easy—like holding his hand or having his arms around me. Maybe it would feel nice.















"You listen to me, Jacob Black—"
















was an earthquake—the couch was shaking under me.














asked acidly. "Yes, that's right. She's absolutely fine—I was wrong… It's a long story… But you're
wrong about that part, too, that's why I'm calling… Yes, that's exactly what I saw."



before…"





















imperfectly. But for her to track him down to tell him this! Didn't she realize… or care… ?" Her voice



him… what… really…" I trailed off. Her gaze strangled the words in my throat.

said to Rosalie on the phone just now? Something about what she'd seen… and Rosalie's remorse;
brother…






very room. But I wasn't sure how to do it… I knew Emmett and Jasper would never help… so I
was thinking maybe I would go to Italy and do something to provoke the Volturi… You don't




"But he… he left! He didn't want me anymore! What difference does it make now? He knew I would




Rio—someone answered it…" she whispered.


"Bella, I—I don't think I can ask you to…" She trailed off in indecision.


words. "We may already be too late. I saw him going to the Volturi… and asking to die." We both

"But if they say no, and they might—Aro is fond of Carlisle, and wouldn't want to offend him—Edward


them quickly enough, we're too late. If he gives into his more theatrical tendencies… we might have


also smells too good. There's a very good chance that they will eliminate us all—though in your case it







Not that my presence was protecting him, but could I leave him here alone to face…









"Get your wallet—you'll need ID. Please tell me you have a passport. I don't have time to forge one."


stifling by this point. At least, unlike the last time—when I'd run away from Forks to escape thirsty
vampires rather than to find them—I wouldn't have to say goodbye to Charlie in person.


"You might control yourself on occasion, but these leeches you're taking her to—" Jacob was furiously

"Yes. You're right, dog." Alice was snarling, too. "The Volturi are the very essence of our kind—they're











"Jake, I have to—"









stomped on the gas and—with the tires screeching like human screams—spun us around to face the


plane sat idle on the tarmac while the flight attendants strolled—so casually—up and down the aisle,






"I can't be sure, I keep seeing him do different things, he keeps changing his mind… A killing spree
through the city, attacking the guard, lifting a car over his head in the main square… mostly things that
would expose them—he knows that's the fastest way to force a reaction…"

Contrarily, I listened harder. "Tell Emmett no… Well, go after Emmett and Rosalie and bring them
back… Think about it, Jasper. If he sees any of us, what do you think he will do?"

She nodded. "Exactly. I think Bella is the only chance—if there is a chance… I'll do everything that can

She laughed then, and there was a catch in her voice. "I've thought of that… Yes, I promise." Her voice
became pleading. "Don't follow me. I promise, Jasper. One way or another, I'll get out… And I love



ourselves—if Emmett could get his hands on him, we might be able to stop him long enough to convince

were any chance we could win… if there were a way that the four of us could save my brother by




me had canceled all that out—forcefully.





can guarantee—not by a long shot." She raised her eyebrows, as if willing me to take the danger more




meant—when I said he was going to Italy. I thought I would have to explain. How much did Edward tell

"He just said they were an old, powerful family—like royalty. That you didn't antagonize them unless you
wanted to… die," I whispered. The last word was hard to choke out.

more ways than you know. It's… abnormal for so many of us to live together in peace. It's the same for
unusually large—and you saw how easily Laurent left them. Our kind travel alone, or in pairs, as a




and Marcus are… talented."


"But if there are only five—"


I took a deep breath. "That sounds… serious."

heard. Others are more… transitory. It changes. And many of them are gifted as well—with formidable







"There's a reason he called them royalty… the ruling class. Over the millennia, they have assumed the
position of enforcing our rules—which actually translates to punishing transgressors. They fulfill that duty



a… to be one of you! Shouldn't somebody have explained the rules to me?"

restriction—and if you think about it, you can probably figure it out for yourself."






"So Edward…"

"Is planning to flout that in their own city—the city they've secretly held for three thousand years, since
Volterra is probably the safest city in the world—from vampire attack at the very least."


exposure…"



















we were headed toward, or, more horrific yet, the chance that we might fail—not if I wanted to keep

me now. Seeing him and losing him again…









We had to run for our connection, but that was good—better than having to wait. As soon as the plane


It felt like seconds later when Alice shook my shoulder—I hadn't realized I'd fallen asleep.


I wasn't disoriented—I hadn't been out long enough for that.










She whispered into my ear. "They're interested in him—they think his talent could be uselul. They're going


"I can't see that yet, but I'll bet it's colorful." She grinned again. "This is the first good news—the first
break. They're intrigued; they truly don't want to destroy him—'wasteful,' that's the word Aro will
use—and that may be enough to force him to get creative. The longer he spends on his plans, the better




"I'm confused. How are you seeing this so clearly? And then other times, you see things far away—things


their own—those are just glimpses, faint maybes. Plus, I see my kind more easily than yours. Edward is



about me, before we even met…"





"Actually, Bella…" She hesitated, and then seemed to make a choice. "Honestly, I think it's all gotten



"I do!" I gasped. "Oh, Alice, do it now! I could help you so much—and I wouldn't slow you down. Bite










promise—and if she didn't kill me—then Edward could run after his distractions all he wanted, and I















"I'm hoping so—if he sticks to his latest decision, maybe."




It would be enough. The image of Edward in the meadow—glowing, shimmering like his skin was made
of a million diamond facets—was burned into my memory. No human who saw that would ever forget.







"That depends on how fast you drive… Bella?"








Alice was already weaving, too fast, through the thick airport traffic—sliding through tiny spaces between










missionary, a Father Marcus—Marcus of the Voltun, in fact—drove all the vampires from Volterra
vampire scourge. Of course that's nonsense—he's never left the city. But that's where some of the
a celebration of the city, and recognition for the police force—after all, Volterra is an amazingly safe city.








She kept her eyes on the winding road—the needle on the speedometer was touching the far right on the







I groaned. That would be just like me—ruin everything, destroy the world, in a moment of klutziness.



I stared at it, feeling the very first hint of a new kind of fear. Every minute since yesterday morning—it
seemed like a week ago—when Alice had spoken his name at the foot of the stairs, there had been only








impatience—something I could easily understand. But then we came around a switchback, and I could




flags dripping like long ribbons beside the gate, whipping in the wind—as I watched, the brilliant crimson

"Bella." Alice spoke quickly in a fierce, low voice. "I can't see what the guard here will decide now—if























touched the pavement—the thrashing red flags on either side nearly met. The crowd was thicker here

She pointed to where the street widened into a patch of bright openness. "There—we're at the southern
end of the square. Run straight across, to the right of the clock tower. I'll find a way around—"










But there was a break in the crowd—I could see a bubble of space ahead. I pushed urgently toward it,

square and then some in mere seconds. I didn't pause when I hit the far edge—I used the low wall as a




The clock tolled again. I ran past a child in his mother's arms—his hair was almost white in the dazzling

square edifice under the tower. I couldn't see the street level—there were still too many people in the






I swerved around the father—he clutched the baby out of my way—and sprinted for the gloomy breach




bare—there was a small pile of white fabric at his feet. The light reflecting from the pavement of the

I'd never seen anything more beautiful—even as I ran, gasping and screaming, I could appreciate that.











chest. I was perfect—not healed, but as if there had been no wound in the first place.

"I can't believe how quick it was. I didn't feel a thing—they're very good," he mused, closing his eyes




"We're not dead, not yet! But we have to get out of here before the Volturi—"






























of Edward's protective stance in front of me—sure that this was what caused their alarm. I wanted to







trimmed short. The body under the cloak—which was darker, almost black—was slim and androgynous.


Edward dropped his arms and relaxed his position as well—but in defeat.










werewolf friends…











Edward took my wrists—his hands felt like stones in winter—and lowered me into the blackness.







my frantic heartbeat and my feet on the wet stones—except for once, when an impatient sigh whispered


and the prowling vampires behind us. It was probably no more than guilt—the same guilt that compelled

were going to die—as if that would somehow make it better, knowing in advance. But I couldn't speak,
even in a whisper, surrounded as we were. The others could hear everything—my every breath, my








We hurried through the tunnel, or it felt like hurrying to me. My slow progress irritated someone—I
guessed Felix—and I heard him heave a sigh now and then.

At the end of the tunnel was a grate—the iron bars were rusting, but thick as my arm. A small door made

On the other side of the long room was a low, heavy wooden door. It was very thick—as I could tell







olive complexion—it looked odd combined with their chalky pallor. Felix's black hair was cropped short,



company—but not here. Because she was every bit as human as I was. I couldn't comprehend what this






"They send you out for one and you come back with two… and a half," he noted, looking at me. "Nice

She laughed—the sound sparkled with delight like a baby's cooing.






Edward turned, a low snarl building deep in his chest. Felix smiled—his hand was raised, palm up; he






Alec and Jane, holding hands, led the way down yet another wide, ornate hall—would there ever be an

They ignored the doors at the end of the hall—doors entirely sheathed in gold—stopping halfway down


like a huge castle turret… which was probably exactly what it was.



dressed in inconspicuous pants and shirts—things that wouldn't stick out at all on the streets below. But



onionskin, and it looked just as delicate—it stood in shocking contrast to the long black hair that framed




He turned his misty eyes toward us, and the smile brightened—became ecstatic.















"But to be able to hear from a distance…" Aro sighed, gesturing toward the two of them, and the


snow-white hair—the same shade as his face—that brushed against his shoulders. Their faces had










against the wall. Two of the attending vampires followed silently behind him—bodyguards, like I'd







"But still—la tua cantante! What a waste!"




gift, and yet you…"


Aro laughed again. "Ah, how I miss my friend Carlisle! You remind me of him—only he was not so




astonish me exceedingly. I am surprised by how it… pleases me, his success in this unorthodox path he's


such a siren call, not just once but again and again—if I had not felt it myself, I would not have believed."

Edward gazed back at Aro's admiration with no expression. I knew his face well enough—time had not
changed that—to guess at something seething beneath the surface. I fought to keep my breathing even.

"Just remembering how she appeals to you…" Aro chuckled. "It makes me thirsty."




you are the one exception to Edward's impressive talent—so very interesting that such a thing should
allow me to try—to see if you are an exception for me, as well?"


Edward nodded in encouragement—whether because he was sure Aro would not hurt me, or because



hard, but felt brittle—shale rather than granite—and even colder than I expected.






"A first," he said to himself "I wonder if she is immune to our other talents… Jane, dear?"
















suffered. But then he looked quickly at Jane, and back to me—and his face relaxed into relief.








that to me once—just out of curiosity." He shook his head in admiration.






Edward seemed to weigh each word before he spoke it. "I'd… rather… not."













delivery—as if he'd chosen his words with great care.








"I wouldn't—," I began, still whispering. Caius silenced me with an icy look.




"Unless…" Aro interrupted. He looked unhappy with the way the conversation had gone. "Unless you do












was wrong—more wrong than it already was.




"To see the things you've seen—especially the ones that haven't happened yet!" He shook his head in



Caius looked bitterly disappointed—a feeling he seemed to share with Felix and Jane.


always hope for the future. Imagine the joy young Alice alone would bring to our little household…

so many others', too—Edward's—could alter her path, and with that, the future.

drowning in it…




















voices—loud, rough voices—coming from the antechamber.











Heidi smiled absently. She reminded me of Rosalie, though they looked nothing alike—it was just that her

violet—a color that might result from blue-tinted contacts over red irises.


wore… she was not only the fisherman, but also the bait.










rough—if velvet can be rough—with anxiety. Still stressed by our situation, I imagined.









tears that I could not see his features clearly was wasteful—insanity.




















really here, in Edward's arms, however fleetingly, and that we were not—at this exact moment—about to



I wrapped my arms around his neck—what was the worst he could do? Just push me away—and

















motivations now—about whether he acted this way to keep me calm while we were still in danger, or if

I lay quiet in his arms, re-memorizing his face, pretending…





They call her my singer—because her blood sings for me."


I had with him. Now and then, as he talked with Alice, he would lean down suddenly and kiss me—his

It was heaven—right smack in the middle of hell.

looked to the back of the room with wary eyes, I panicked. I cringed into Edward's chest as Alec—his
eyes now a vivid ruby, but still spotless in his light gray suit despite the afternoon meal—walked through








































It would have been a very good time to talk, to get the answers I needed—needed but not really wanted;
ahead of us, and he couldn't escape me on an airplane—well, not easily, at least. No one would hear us

some later time—spin this out for another night, Scheherazade-style.

forehead, my wrists… but never my lips, and that was good. After all, how many ways can one heart be



caught me off guard. Jasper was the first one I saw—he didn't seem to see me at all. His eyes were only



















































I HAD THE SENSE THAT I'D BEEN ASLEEP FOR A VERY long time—my body was stiff, like I
dreams—dreams and nightmares—swirled dizzily around the inside of my head. They were so vivid. The
both part of that frustrating dream where your feet can't move fast enough… And there were plenty of
strong—I could even remember the names. But the strongest, clearest part of the dream was not the



close to waking… any second now, and it would be gone.




Okay, so "let" was the wrong word. I'd forced it to get out of hand—pretty much stalked my
hallucinations—and now my mind had snapped.


I opened my eyes again—and Edward was still there, his perfect face just inches away from mine.

voice, the scent, everything—it was so much better than drowning. The beautiful figment of my

she'd returned the day I'd nearly drowned…








Jake…" I trailed off in horror at what I had done.




My head was getting clearer. My eyes flickered away from his face—unwillingly—for one second, to the
dark, open window, and then back to him. I started to remember details… and I felt a faint, unfamiliar









technically, since he said I was never to walk through his door again, and I came in the window… But,



My eyes were mad. I was going to have a few words with my father—perhaps it would be a good time



"What am I telling Charlie? What's my excuse for disappearing for… how long was I gone, anyway?" I




And I was comforted. Who cared what I had to deal with later? Every second that he was here—so
close, his flawless face glowing in the dim light from the numbers on my alarm clock—was precious and

"So," I began, picking the least important—though still vitally interesting—question to start with. I was




"Well…" I pursed my lips, considering. "If you were, after all, just a dream, that's exactly the kind of thing



"I was… hunting."


He hesitated, and then spoke slowly, choosing his words with care. "I wasn't hunting fot food… I was
actually trying my hand at… tracking. I'm not very good at it."





"I—" He took a deep breath. "I owe you an apology. No, of course I owe you much, much more than
that. But you have to know,"—the words began to flow so fast, the way I remembered he spoke
sometimes when he was agitated, that I really had to concentrate to catch them all—"that I had no idea. I
Victoria,"—his lips curled back when he said the name—"would come back. I'll admit, when I saw her
kind of response in her. That she even had such a tie to him. I think I realize why now—she was so sure
feelings about him—that kept me from seeing the depth of them, the bond there.

"Not that there's any excuse for what I left you to face. When I heard what you told Alice—what she
saw herself—when I realized that you had to put your life in the hands of werewolves, immature, volatile,
the worst thing out there besides Victoria herself—he shuddered and the gush of words halted for a short
see and feel you safe in my arms. I am the most miserable excuse for—"

"Stop," I interrupted him. He stared at me with agonized eyes, and I tried to find the right words—the



this time. "This has to stop now. You can't think about things that way. You can't let this… this guilt…
not your fault. I know it's your… your nature to shoulder the blame for everything, but you really can't
let that make you go to such extremes! It's very irresponsible—think of Esme and Carlisle and—"





"Then… what are you saying? I don't understand."

I'd had no hand in your death"—he shuddered as he whispered the last word—"even if it wasn't my
fault, I would have gone to Italy. Obviously, I should have been more careful—I should have spoken to

"The odds…" he muttered then, distracted. His voice was so low I wasn't sure I beard it right. "The odds







"I am…" My head swam as I looked for the appropriate word. "Confused." That worked. I couldn't



believe me so quickly." He winced. "That was… excruciating."


"When we were in the forest, when I was telling you goodbye—"


"You weren't going to let go," he whispered. "I could see that. I didn't want to do it—it felt like it would
kill me to do it—but I knew that if I couldn't convince you that I didn't love you anymore, it would just


"Exactly. But I never imagined it would be so easy to do! I thought it would be next to impossible—that
seed of doubt in your head. I lied, and I'm so sorry—sorry because I hurt you, sorry because it was a



ridiculous concept—as if there were anu way that I could exist without needing you!"






"You're impossible," he said, and he laughed once—a hard laugh, frustrated. "How can I put this so that


"You don't believe me, do you?" he whispered, his face paler than his usual pale—I could see that even








"When I wake up"—He opened his mouth to protest, so I revised—"okay, forget that one—when you


"Yesterday, when I would touch you, you were so… hesitant, so careful, and yet still the same. I need to
I meant for you to? That would be… quite fair. I won't contest your decision. So don't try to spare my
feelings, please—just tell me now whether or not you can still love me, after everything I've done to you.



you—and there's nothing you can do about it!"



and I was so glad he hadn't listened to me—there was no pain in the world that would have justified






could see what I was doing to you—keeping you constantly on the edge of danger, taking you away

wanted… what I needed. What I want and need is to be with you, and I know I'll never be strong
enough to leave again. I have too many excuses to stay—thank heaven for that! It seems you can't be

"Don't promise me anything," I whispered. If I let myself hope, and it came to nothing… that would kill


"No—not lying." I shook my head, trying to think it through coherently. To examine the hypothesis that
mean it… now. But what about tomorrow, when you think about all the reasons you left in the first



a matter of time—and not much of it—before I showed up at your window and begged you to take me




"Before you, Bella, my life was like a moonless night. Very dark, but there were stars—points of light
and reason… And then you shot across my sky like a meteor. Suddenly everything was on fire; there



"That's just the problem—they can't."


He laughed without a trace of humor. "Just part of the lie, love. There was no distraction from the… the
gone—like I was hollow. Like I'd left everything that was inside me here with you."



"I meant strange—I thought it was just me. Lots of pieces of me went missing, too. I haven't been able to





with… Well, like I said, I was horrible at it. I traced her as far as Texas, but then I followed a false lead
down to Brazil—and really she came here." He groaned. "I wasn't even on the right continent! And all the
while, worse than my worst fears—"




"That is… out of the question," I managed to choke out. Insanity. Even if he had Emmett or Jasper help

"It's too late for her. I might have let the other time slide, but not now, not after—"


He frowned. A snarl began to build low in his chest. "I will keep my promise, Bella. But Victoria"—the
snarl became more pronounced—"is going to die. Soon."




















"Is this really…" I tried to keep my voice even, but this question was too hard. I remembered his face


I asked a different one. Almost—but not quite—as hard.

was pale with revulsion—I could see Gran's face again in the dream mirror.

Of course…" He hesitated, flinching slightly. "If you outgrew me—if you wanted something more—I




"That is seriously…"I looked for the right word. "Sick."

"Bella, it's the only right way left—"

till I'm thirty"—I hissed the word—"do you really think they'll forget?"

"No," he answered slowly, shaking his head. "They won't forget. But…"























beneath…













It was so very quiet and dark as he ran through the forest, his breathing slow and even—dark enough









He'd slowed to a walk—I could only tell because the wind ceased—and I guessed that we weren't far

"Well—" I struggled to find the right way to phrase it. "I don't trust myself to be… enough. To deserve




"You never did tell me…" he murmured.







"You can leave me," I explained. "The Volturi, Victoria… they're nothing compared to that."

Even in the darkness, I could see the anguish twist his face—it reminded me of his expression under





"So—since you're staying. Can I have my stuff back?" I asked, making my tone as light as I could

tickets—they're all under your floorboards."



"I think," I said slowly, "I'm not sure, but I wonder… I think maybe I knew it the whole time."





at least that expression—the one that made him look like something was burning him—faded.






"Er, right. And before that, with the motorcycle—"




"Well, about that… See, I found that… when I was doing something dangerous or stupid… I could
tried not to think about you, but this didn't hurt so much—it was like you were protecting me again. Like




His words came out half-strangled. "You… were… risking your life… to hear—"



But what if…











He really did want me the way I wanted him—forever. It was only fear for my soul, for the human things
that he didn't want me, this hurdle—my soul—seemed almost insignificant.




followed the pattern of your life. When I wasn't actively tracking, I was… totally useless. I couldn't be
around my family—I couldn't be around anyone. I'm embarrassed to admit that I more or less curled up

I was deeply relieved that he really seemed to understand—comforted that this all made sense to him. At
any rate, he wasn't looking at me like I was crazy. He was looking at me like… he loved me.



as we walked. There was something pale and immense there—the house, I realized. "It doesn't matter in



as I'd remembered it—the piano and the white couches and the pale, massive staircase. No dust, no







I'd never seen the Cullens use the dining room table before—it was just a prop. They didn't eat in the











going to send someone to check, and I'm sure that's a bad thing—something to avoid.



think the only fair way to decide is for everyone to have a vote. If you decide you don't want me, then…














"He finds people—that's his talent, why they keep him.

us, getting as much information as possible. So I saw how Demetri's talent works. He's a tracker—a
Aro does. He catches the… flavor? I don't know how to describe it… the tenor… of someone's mind,

"But after Aro's little experiments, well…" Edward shrugged.
























"Yes," he said, voice grave. I was a little surprised—I hadn't been at all sure of his vote—but I




"Let me explain," she pleaded. "I don't mean that I have any aversion to you as a sister. It's just that…























"Um, Bella," Alice interjected in an anxious voice. "I don't think I'm ready for that. I'll need to prepare…"


"I know, but… Seriously, Bella! I don't have any idea how to not kill you."















protect. And Renee—I couldn't even risk a visit to see my own mother for fear of bringing my deadly





I thought about Charlie's reaction when he woke up this morning, if—after all that life had put him through
disappearance—he were to find my bed empty. Charlie deserved better than that. It was just a little more
time; graduation wasn't so far away…








not to think about that part. It did me no good to worry about the pain—the physical or the
emotional—so I wouldn't. Not until I absolutely had to.








stand. Now… tell me something."






"I would want… Carlisle not to have to do it. I would want you to change me."








"Yes, but… you'll use the time to find a way out of it. I have to strike while the iron is hot. Besides, it's
just too dangerous to be human—for me, at least. So, anything but that."









He thought for a minute. "All right. Forget time limits. If you want me to be the one—then you'll just have



His eyes were cautious—he spoke slowly. "Marry me first."

I stared at him, waiting… "Okay. What's the punch line?"











"That's not it exactly," I hedged. "I'm… afraid of Renee. She has some really intense opinions on getting



in exchange for an eternity as a vampire…" He shook his head. "If you're not brave enough to marry me,
then—"






























You didn't leave me a number, and you didn't call. I didn't know where you were or when—or if—you
were coming back. Do you have any idea how… how…" He couldn't finish the sentence. He sucked in a


"Now just one minute, young lady—"

lesson. And I guess you're within your rights if you want to kick me out, too—but that won't make me to



Oh, crap. "There was… an emergency."




"See, Alice told Rosalie about me jumping off the cliff…" I was scrambling frantically to make this work,


trying to kill myself or something. He wouldn't answer his phone, so Alice dragged me to… L.A., to



Charlie's face heated up—from frozen to hot with fury. "What's it to Edward Cullen anyway?" he barked.
"All this time, he's just left you dangling without a word—"








was no younger than Harry…





I sighed a heavy sigh. "Look, I'm not going to give you any more ultimatums tonight—or I guess it's this

"Bella—"








"That's probably the safest place for someone like me. Besides…" I grinned. "If Charlie kicks me out,






didn't—you said 'Amazing. Carlisle was right,'" I reminded him, triumphant. "There's hope in you, after






ALMOST EVERYTHING WAS BACK TO NORMAL—THE GOOD, pre-zombie normal—in less

Charlie was not happy with me, or speaking to Edward. But at least Edward was allowed—during my
designated visiting hours—inside the house again. I just wasn't allowed out of it.





I made these calls mostly at night, after Edward had been kicked out—promptly at nine by a grimly
gleeful Charlie—and before Edward snuck back through my window when Charlie was asleep. I chose
mentioned Jacob's name. Sort of disapproving and wary… maybe even angry. I guessed that he had



With Edward near me, it was hard to think about unhappy things—even my former besi fnend, who was









There was no hole there now—I could barely remember the empty feeling anymore.


"That's stupid. He knows you're not… like other vampires."



young. It would most likely turn into a fight, and I don't know if I could stop it before I k—" he broke off,

voice. I'm not sure that I'm even-tempered enough to handle that… You probably wouldn't like it
so much if I killed your friend. But he'd been able to handle it, that time…




"I would try… very hard… not to do that," Edward finally said.








expected—maybe Victoria standing in the middle of the street, her flaming red hair blowing in the wind,
or a line of tall black cloaks… or a pack of angry werewolves. But I didn't see anything at all.


He took a deep breath. "Charlie…"



"Charlie… is probably not going to kill you, but he's thinking about it," he told me. He started to drive



Edward had said that Charlie was ready to kill me, so he must know that—that it was mine. There was

had trusted Jacob implicitly—trusted him with every single secret I had. He was supposed to be my safe
harbor—the person I could always rely on. Of course things were strained right now, but I didn't think

What had I done to deserve this? Charlie was going to be so mad—and worse than that, he was going to












That stopped me cold—took the fight right out of me. My hands went limp. They fight; Paris falls.





Edward smoothed my hair back from my face. "Don't worry, he's not here to fight me. He's acting as…




turned his body, shifting me so that I was behind him. I leaned around him to stare at Jacob—to accuse


at Jacob. It had been so long since I'd seen him—I hated that our reunion had to be like this.






"He didn't want to hurt anyone—he just wanted to get you grounded, so that you wouldn't be allowed to







your… abilities," he said through his teeth. "So you must already know why I'm here."



tell you how grateful I am. I will owe you for the rest of my… existence."


"For keeping Bella alive," Edward clarified, his voice rough and fervent. "When I… didn't."

"Edward—," I started to say, but he held one hand up, his eyes on Jacob.


my power to do for you…"








Jacob? You wanted me in trouble—mission Accomplished. Charlie might just send me to military school.






"The hell it—" was all he managed to choke out.

realized—or didn't want to believe—that I had already made my choice. That I was really intending to









Jacob's furious expression faltered. "I am sorry about that," he muttered. "I had to do what I could—I
had to try…"


Victoria on our side of the line—have you?"

was while Bella was… away. We let her think she was slipping through—we were tightening the circle,
getting ready to ambush her—"



Edward nodded. "When she comes back, she's not your problem anymore. We'll—"


"No—," I began to protest both declarations.

HOUSE IN ONE MINUTE… !" Charlie didn't bother to finish his threat.






"You know how hard I've tried to keep that promise, but… I can't see how to keep trying. Not now…"



"Jake…" I took a step toward him. I wanted to wrap my arms around his waist and erase the expression






"No! Edward—!"












And now it seemed that if I did, the Quileute werewolves would try to do the job themselves—along









At least I'm not the only one to benefit—I in sure many local restaurants are grateful that I don't cook



A special thanks to my brother Paul for the motorcycle riding lesson—you have a true gift for teaching.







And, finally, thank you to the talented musicians who inspire me, particularly the band Muse—there are